# Underground: Remastered Release

The crystal core in the dimension has exploded, leaving the entire Underground complex destroyed. In the aftermath of this incident, the facility slowly started restoring itself anomalously, making a new site that after discovered, was designated an offical site by the 2 corporate entities who controlled the previous site. This site however, was very different. Who knows what you can discover in this new site? Let's see!

## Central Change
- The entire facility is rebuilt from scratch, looking nicer and having much more detail into it.

### Building Changes
- All sites/areas are in a single place now, meaning that you don't have to teleport to seperate places to see all of The Underground.
- A surface now exists, after many attempts of trying to implement a surface in previous updates.
- Instead of having to painfully go thru Site 1 to go to Site 2 and so on, all sites are now centralized in the central "lobby" area of The Underground.
- There is a lot more mesh use in Underground: Remastered, and it's actually used in the proper areas now.
- Warhead has got it's own mini-floor now, how fun.
- StreamingEnabled has been added, making the game much more optimized.
- Elevators are now mostly obeslete (except for Floor 1), to give a much more immersive feel than climbing a pole.
- The hallways will have a bit more decoration, just so they don't feel as empty.
- Vault has been remastered, being much larger and having 3 sections to split everything.
- Offices have been added around the facility, which will feature references to the developers and such just to thank them :)
- Most rooms have much more detail and work put into them, hence why it took so long to create Underground: Remastered.
- Site 1 is now seperated into 4 different clearance zones, to make it a bit more according to lore.
- Old Site 3 portal now back, but is closed due to "a current investigation into the incident".
- The original ground floor "garage" has been turned central lobby to enter all 3 sites.
- The hole entrance to Site 1 has been replaced by a much more professional proper entrance, to fit the lore.
- Lore is now much more present in the game, by means of mainly notes and other stuff.
- Terrain is now being used in the proper areas.
- A lot more security stations in Site 1.

### Lore Changes
- Inkeep Labs is now the primary controller of all 3 sites, rather than 3 seperate entities controlling 3 sites.
- Sites 1, 2, and 3 are now combined known as Cross-Site 1.
- Evergreen Facility is now practically non-existant, and has been replaced by "Site 4" in lore.
